Hello, my name is Sergio. I have been programming for the past 5 years and have experience analyzing data and deploying predictive models to create intelligent programs. Most recently, I built an automated stock market investing program which tells me what securities to buy and sell, and it has managed to beat 90% of all active investors. Right now, I am looking forward to applying my programming skills in conjunction with my experience analyzing and modeling data to maintain your company's software and expand its artificial intelligence capabilites. I am always looking to challenge myself and improve, and I believe sharing my skills with your company will allow me to do so.

Referall:
Hello, as my REFERRER said, my name is Sergio. I have been programming for the past 5 years and have experience analyzing data and deploying predictive models to create intelligent programs. Most recently, I built an automated stock market investing program which tells me what securities to buy and sell, and it has managed to beat 90% of all active investors. Right now, I am looking forward to applying my programming skills in conjunction with my experience analyzing and modeling data to maintain your company's software and expand its artificial intelligence capabilites. I am always looking to challenge myself and improve, and I believe sharing my skills with your company will allow me to do so.

Networking Event:
Hello, my name is Sergio. I have been programming for the past 5 years and have experience analyzing data and deploying predictive models to create intelligent programs. Most recently, I built an automated stock market investing program which tells me what securities to buy and sell, and it has managed to beat 90% of all active investors. Right now, I am looking forward to applying my programming skills in conjunction with my experience analyzing and modeling data to maintain and expand a company's software and artificial intelligence capabilites. If you would like to see some more projects I have worked on, my GitHub is SR14 and you can reach me at sergiorobledo2014@gmail.com.